add Docker image to pqs docs (#647)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/query/pqs-user-guide.rst

Participant Query Store User Guide
##################################

> Docker Image
> ************
> 
> You can get the Docker image with::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker image
************

To get the Participant Query Store (PQS) Docker image, run the following command::
```
